11: t is a good day I woke up alone, without anyone yelling at me to wake up, the phone rang, and no alarm! yep great day.
12: Without me, my coffee is useless. Good Morning My Friends!
13: Bad Attitude is like a plan tyre. You cannot reach anywhere until you change it. Happy Good Morning.
14: I could be a morning person, if morning happened at Noon!
15: Nothing is impossible when God is on your side. Good morning.
16: The biggest sources of motivation are your own thoughts, so think big and motivate yourself to win. Good morning.
17: Bad Attitude is like a flat Tyre. You cannot reach anywhere until you change it. Good Monring.
18: If you haven’t been able to achieve something, today is the best time to start working towards it again. Good morning.5
19: Even the smallest of thoughts have the potential to become the biggest of successes… all you have to do is get up and get going. Good morning.
20: Morning is a great if you wake up early then you feel..
21: Good thoughts precede great deeds. Great deeds precede success.
22: DREAMING or DOING is a choice that will mean the difference between FAILURE or SUCCESS. Good morning.
23: Happy Day Begin 🙂
24: Each moment in a day, has its own value. Good Morning
25: GOOD MORNING. It’s a beautiful day, get out, share your beautiful smile with the world.
26: I hate it when a dream is near the best part, and you wake up!
27: Without me, my coffee is useless.
28: Rise up start fresh see the bright opportunity in each day.
29: You are the first thing to enter my mind in the morning and the last thing to leave my heart at night.
30: Love the life you live, Live the life you love..!!
31: Good morning star shine, the Earth says hello….
32: Whoever says “Good Morning” on Monday’s deserves to get slapped 🙂
33: Good Morning! If nobody has told you they love you YET today let me be the FIRST I love you! Have a blessed day..
34: This message is to remind you that you are beautiful, talented and one of a kind. No one can stop you from doing anything that is on your mind. Good morning.
35: Success is not just a measure of how big you can DREAM, it is also a measure of how much you can DO. Good morning.
36: What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
37: May you begin this day with a smile on your face, and with happiness for your soul to embrace. Good Morning my Love.
38: Awake, coffee, sunshine and another day off, aahhhhh, life is good!
39: The greatest inspiration you can ever get is to know that you are an inspiration to others. Wake up and start living an inspirational life today. Good morning.
40: Good Morning! This day belongs to you! Make it everything you want it to be! Enjoy and have an awesome day!
41: Wake up! it’s morning time with cheerful moments.
42: Love the life you live, Live teh life you love… Good Morning!!
43: You have to Get up every morning and tell yourself ‘I can do this!’ Good Morning
44: Every new day is another chance to change your life. Do not miss this moment!
45: A morning text does not only mean good morning. It also means, I think about you when I wake up.
46: Wake up and face life’s challenges head on. Else, life will become quite a challenge. Good morning.
47: May you begin this day and every day with a smile on your face. Good Monring
48: Good morning A special cofee for you, mixed with love and affestion. have a beautiful day!
49: Strong People Don’t Put Others Down They Lift Them Up……… ?%✔? GOOD MORNING
50: If yesterday was a good day, don’t stop. Maybe your winning streak has just begun. Good morning.
51: The game of life is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well. Good Monring
52: Wake up every morning with the thought that something wonderful is about to happen.
53: Every morning reminds me of all the wrong dreams i had been chasing all my life until i found The right one. you…
54: This morning will never ever come back in your life again. Get up and make the most of it. Good morning.4
55: Good Morning friends have a blessed day!!
56: May rays of the morning sun light the fire in you to achieve big things in life. Good morning.
57: Don’t wake up with the regret of what you couldn’t accomplish yesterday. Wake up while thinking about what you will be able to achieve today. Good morning.
58: A smile is a great way to start off your day. Good Morning.
59: Morning would be great if it didn’t come so early in the day.
60: My real smile comes when i am with you Darling…
61: Every new day is a chance to change your life…Good Morning!!
62: Goodnight, sleep tight, {{HUGS}} to you all!! I’m off to bed. Sweet dreams!!
63: A morning does not only mean a good morning, It also means that i think about u when i wake up.
64: Wake up! it’s morning time with cheerful moments. Best Morning Statuses!
65: Good Morning friends and families Blessings to you and your always Have a good ay and God Bless…
66: I went to sleep last night with a smile because I knew I’d be dreaming of you … but I woke up this morning with a smile because you weren’t a dream.
67: Nothing like waking up with GOD by your side and COFFEE in your cup!!
68: Every selfish man, strangely enough, becomes a self slayer
69: May you begin this day with a smile on your face, and with happiness for your soul to. Good Monring
70: Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have.
71: The best feeling: When you wake up at 5 am and realize you still have more hours to sleep.
72: Add life to your days not days to your life… Good Monring!
73: Add life to your days not days to your life… Good Morning!
74: I want you around in the morning and I want to know you’re legally required to be there.
75: One kind word can change someone’s entire day.
76: Opportunities will knock on your door every morning. But if you keep sleeping they will simply pass you by. Good morning.
77: It is good to dream big but your dreams will never see the light of day if you sleep big too. Good morning.
78: You can wake up and say ‘Good Morning, God’ or ‘Good God, it’s morning’
79: Every morning you have two choices, continue your to sleep with dreams or wake up and chase your dreams. Choice is Your. GOOD MORNING
80: Add life to your days not days to your life.
81: Usually I have good mood in the mornings, until I start meeting people.
82: Every day is the start of something beautiful. Good Monring
83: A sweeter smile, a brighter day, hope everything turns out great for you today. Good Monring
84: 3 things you can’t recover in life. The MOMENT after it’s missed, The WORD after it’s said and the TIME after it’s wasted. Good Monring
85: You have no idea how good it feels to wake up every morning knowing you are mine and I am yours.
86: A morning text Wish does not only mean good morning. It also means, that I think about you when I wake up.
87: If you don’t wake up right now with your full might, you will never be able to achieve that dream you saw last night. Good morning.
88: Every new day is a chance to change your life…Good Morning!!
89: Morning brings hope, afternoon brings faith.
90: Every morning, every moment always remember that our God is a “GOD OF LOVE”. Happy Good Morning
91: There are millions of ways to express love and as I learn them, you will feel more and more blessed. Good Monring.
92: Every new day is a chance to change your life.
93: Mission one accomplished.. I woke up.
94: I’m not a morning person, don’t pull my covers off. Good Morning
95: Did you feel a little warm in the morning? I sent you warm hugs in my thoughts! Good morning and have a wonderful day.
96: I may be up, but I don’t have to like it!
97: See outside the window, Sun rising for you. Flowers smiling for you. Birds singing for you because last night I told them to wish you…
98: God sprinkles tiny but wonderful seeds of blessings on earth and I just caught one so nice and true its a you…
99: We are not too close in distance. Were not too near in miles. But text can still touch our hearts and thoughts can bring us smiles.
100: Tension is the poison of the Ambition… so no more tension, have full attention on your ambition, you will be in Good position…
101: A night hug warms the heart, A night kiss brightens the day, & a good morning to start your day!
102: Beware of other duplicate morning wishers I’m the only authorized ISO 2007 certified dealer in morning wishes… I wish an original sweet beautiful
103: A morning greeting doesn’t only mean “good morning”,it has a silent sms saying “I have remembered u wen I wake up”. Take care & have a great day.